Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 10]
[Longing Heart]
[September 30, 2017]
Mr. Kang.
I'm sorry.
And so, I'm going to change the future.
["In Search of Lost Time"
by Marcel Proust]
The things that happened to you
are still in the future for me.
I won't...
meet with Ji Soo
10 years from now, in Seoul.
I will...
only stop Ji Soo from
getting into that accident...
and won't appear before her.
[Shin Woo, there's something
I need to tell you.]
[I'll wait for you tomorrow at
11 o' clock at Firefly Bridge.]
And ten years later, on the day
of Mom's death anniversary
I won't go to Firefly Bridge, either.
If I do that,
the things that happened
because you came back to 2007
won't ever have happened
and everything that happened between
you and Ji Soo will never have happened.
But I...
hope that we part ways with Ji Soo
when we're 18 years old...
and never meet her again.
Meeting each other will only
cause both of us pain
so there's no reason
to repeat all that.
But, if I do this...
Ji Soo may not remember you
in the future.
Because the fact that
she met you as a teacher
will never have happened.
Kang Shin Woo, you idiot!
Oh!
Isn't this the photo that
Geun Deok took of us last time?
- Yeah.
- Huh?
Geun Deok hasn't gotten
this photo printed yet, though.
No, he already did
and gave me one first.
A long time ago.
Can't you give this to me, Mr. Kang?
And you can ask Geun Deok
to print you another copy.
Sure.
Why does this photo look so old, though?
[The photo that Mr. Kang gave me]
If I were your older brother
I would've wanted to tell you that...
it wasn't your fault.
And that nobody in this world
should ever feel guilty...
for having survived.
For someone...
the mere fact that
you're in front of them right now...
will be more than
good enough for them.
It's okay.
This one memory...
is the one that can't disappear.
Tell me...
just one more time.
Just like you did back then.
That it's okay.
And that you're relieved...
that I'm here now.
And my being here right now
is more than good enough.
Please tell me that...
just one more time.
So for her, she's probably
been waiting for the past ten years.
It's okay if you forget everything.
When we met again last time...
you said that you don't remember
what happened in the past, right?
You should truly live your life
like that now.
Don't overexert yourself
and force yourself to not forget...
and make yourself miserable by doing so.
Even if...
you end up forgetting everything...
please remember this one thing.
That...
there is nobody who should
feel guilty for having survived.
If I were to turn back time...
and be in this very spot again...
and I knew that
things would end like this...
I would still have gone back to meet you
when you were eighteen years old.
To tell you that...
you didn't do anything wrong, Ji Soo.
It wasn't your fault.
I'm sorry, Shin Woo.
What I couldn't tell you back then...
What's her name?
The name of your first love, I mean.
The name of my first love...
was Han Ji Soo.
Even if I give you a problem
that I know the answer to
I can still hope that you'd
choose the wrong answer.
You were always...
my answer.
Thanks...
for so many things...
and for liking me
so many times.
What's wrong, Big Sis?
I got this back not too long ago...
and they told me that
this was Mom's.
I have to reorganize
all of her things...
but I can't do it!
Mom!
I'll do it.
Who got your bag
all dirty like this?
This is my citizen ID.
Why... did she have two of them?
If this ticket is the one that
Ji Soo gave her...
then, what's this?
This is mine.
But you know...
on the day of Mom's accident...
you didn't get a call
from Mom?
A call?
Mom didn't take her phone
with her that day, though.
When I went to go
pick this up before
I watched the CCTV footage because
I wanted to see her one last time.
And Mom was on the phone.
Really?
I didn't get a call.
Who was it, then?
Huh?
What is this?
When did I get this?
Do they send spam through
voice mails now, too?
Shin Woo.
It's Mom.
Mom.
And... Mr. Kang.
Wait, no.
Not Mr. Kang.
You're my Shin Woo,
aren't you?
You were quite sad because
I didn't recognize you, weren't you?
I have no idea...
how you came all the way
back here, after becoming an adult.
I'm dumb, so no matter
how much I think about it
I can't think of how
this could have happened.
But...
thinking about it now...
this must have been...
a gift to me, from the heavens.
A gift showing me that...
my children grew up to
become fine adults
even after I leave like this.
In my eyes, Shin Woo,
you're still my baby.
But this was a gift that is
making my heart rest at ease
and allowing me go on in peace
since you've grown up
to be such a fine adult.
So...
right now...
I'm not scared at all.
And I'm not worried
in the slightest.
Who could ever ask for
anything more?
Right?
Also, Shin Woo.
You remember the problem that
you and I discussed at my shop
while we drank soju together?
I think I found the answer already.
You know, about why
the girl you like...
was so cruel to you after seeing
you for the first time in ten years.
I think I must have
wanted to send her
to you last time, too.
Just like now.
One ticket for the
2 o' clock ferry, please.
There's no doubt about it.
Mr. Kang is definitely my Shin Woo.
He's my Shin Woo,
from 10 years in the future.
Oh.
And he didn't even get to call me "mom."
He was in front of me this whole time,
and yet I didn't even realize that!
She's...
definitely the girl that
my Shin Woo likes.
She's supposed to be meeting with my
Shin Woo now, so what's she doing here?
Excuse me, Student!
You're my Shin Woo's
classmate, right?
By the way, did my Shin Woo
contact you last night, by any chance?
Shin Woo?
Oh, um... my phone is broken, so...
Oh.
By the way, where are
you headed, Ma'am?
Oh, me?
I, um...
I'm on my way to visit someone
since they said that they were sick.
But they said that all the
tickets for the ferry are sold out.
Oh, and I really have to go, too!
How terrible.
What should I do?
Would you like to take my ticket, then?
Really?
Can I take it?
I have no intention of leaving
to study abroad, anyway.
I don't need to go.
Here.
All right, thanks!
Then...
Um...
um, here.
I'll give you this
in exchange.
Oh, it's so pretty on you
and fits perfectly!
This is too generous of a gift for me
to accept in exchange for a ticket.
Then, can you do me a favor?
Can you get your cellphone fixed
as soon as you leave this place?
My... phone?
Yeah.
Oh, it's time for my ferry
so I'll be leaving now.
All right.
Goodbye.
So, if you meet her again...
be sure to tell her that
it wasn't bad luck that you two met again
but rather, that it was fate.
Tell her that your mom...
held your hand tight...
and created this opportunity
for you two to be together.
My Shin Hee...
and my Shin Woo.
The thing about happiness is that
you need to hold onto it tightly
with your own hands for you
to keep it by your side.
So don't let it slip through
your fingers...
so you have to hold onto it tightly
and live happily, okay?
As much as...
my love for you two.
I have to tell this to Ji Soo.
But I don't even know
where Ji Soo is now.
Yeah, So Ra.
What time did you say Ji Soo's
flight was today, again?
I told you that I'd
tell you my name, right?
My name is Kang Shin Woo.
My first love's name...
was Han Ji Soo.
What's her name?
Your first love's name, I mean.
That's something that I really
can't tell you right now.
Why not?
Later.
I'll tell you later.
You were always...
my answer.
What's the matter?
Senior.
If, by any chance,
you thought that...
a person that you met in the past
and a person you met in the present
were two different people...
but it turned out that
they were the same person...
how could something
like that be possible?
Time travel?
But that makes no sense.
I guess they must have been determined
enough to make the impossible possible.
I'm just kidding.
Why, did you see a plot like that
in a book, or something?
Senior.
I think I'll have to meet with
someone before I go.
Stop it, Ji Soo.
I...
always thought
that it was strange that
you hate talking about
your high school days...
and yet you treasure
that photo so much.
That's all because
of that friend of yours, right?
Kang Shin Woo.
To tell you the truth, on the day
I asked you to go to the U.S. with me
I met with him.
What... is your reason?
Because Ji Soo will grow
more and more uncomfortable
the more she sees me.
And I heard about the accident
that happened 10 years ago.
And then, I knew
who you were looking at
in that photo.
Ji Soo.
Seeing each other will only cause
you two more grief.
Are you sure that you won't be able to
think about his mom when you see him?
And what about him?
Do you think he'll be able to avoid
thinking about it while looking at you?
That's why...
you should stay by
my side, like you are now.
I'm not in the mood
to joke around, Senior.
I've never joked around about this.
After confessing to you
ten years ago...
I've always been serious
about my feelings for you.
Senior.
You really didn't know?
Are you sure you didn't just want to
believe that I was joking around?
Let's just say that
I was only joking around, then.
Until you tell me to.
I don't know when
that may be
but I'll wait by your side until then.
Allow me that, at least.
It's almost time.
Let's head inside.
It really is about time now...
for you throw out that photo now,
don't you think?
She said that it's a
7 o' clock flight.
Ugh.
Are you okay, Shin Woo?
Yeah.
You don't know where in the U.S.
Ji Soo went, either?
No.
I only heard that she's
going to the U.S.
How am I supposed
to tell her, then?
Choo Geun Deok!
Why are you here?
There's a photo that you were in,
so I wanted to give it to you.
Here.
Ugh.
Hey, where are you going, Kang Shin Woo?
I have one of you, too.
Take it.
This is...
the photo that I'll have
in ten years, right?
Well, yeah, if you hold
onto it for ten years.
[DramaFever Ver] E10 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
[It wasn't...]
[It wasn't your fault.]
She'll probably contact me
when she sees...
no.
If I meet with Ji Soo now,
the future will change.
Just know one thing.
I'll come meet you.
Wait for me in 2017.
[Kim Min Seok]
Hey, what happened?
Did you meet with Ji Soo?
No.
I think that I was...
too late again.
[Garam High School]
[Class 2-3]
[Homeroom Teacher: Kang Shin Woo]
Shin Woo.
And... Mr. Kang.
And...
that little kid, too.
all of those people
were you?
All those people I liked...
were all really you?
For me...
it was always you.
Even though I went back in time...
and no matter
what time I lived in...
my answer was always...
only you.
I thought that I'd lost you again.
How could I go...
when now, I finally know...
what she meant by that?
Your mother's...
final request, I mean.
Oh yeah, I have one more
favor to ask of you.
Yes, go ahead.
Please take good care
of my sons.
Your... sons?
Yeah.
My sons.
Um...
if my silly Shin Woo isn't able
to say anything to you...
then...
when you meet him later,
like, much later...
don't say that you hate him.
Instead, be nice to him.
Do it for me.
My Shin Woo will have grown up to
be a kind, upstanding young man.
I can guarantee you that.
This fits you so well, as if
it was meant to be yours, huh?
I really hope that you'll keep this
on your finger for a long, long time.
I'll give this back to you.
I'm sure that my mom...
would definitely want you
to have this.
To tell you the truth...
I missed you.
Quite a lot.
All I can say to you...
is that I'm sorry.
And after that would be...
"I want to see you."
And that I missed you.
And then, I think of other
things that I want to say...
which makes me feel bad.
And then...
on days that I start thinking
that it should've been me
who got on that ferry...
I missed Mr. Kang quite a lot.
And I didn't even know
that he was actually you.
So I guess that,
for the past ten years...
I was only ever thinking about you.
What about you?
My memories...
are all a mess, in terms of chronological
order and space-time.
My memories of the first
2007 that I lived through
where we parted ways
without knowing anything.
And my memories as a 28-year-old
when I went back to 2007.
And my memories of coming
to 2017, as an 18-year-old.
And my memories of
returning to 2007
and having lived my life
up until now.
All of those things are
things that I experienced.
And so, all of those
memories are mine.
Sometimes, I get confused
and get things mixed up.
But, one thing is for sure.
And that's the fact that...
I met you every single time...
and liked you...
and so...
I was always waiting for you.
Fate seemed cruel and powerful
and impossible to change,
no matter what I did
even when I re-lived my life.
But now I know
that the truly powerful thing...
hadn't been fate.
Even when I re-lived my life...
you were the one
that I liked each time.
And you liked me back
each and every time.
And...
my mom.
Our miraculous present
which was made possible through
the love of all of these people.
There isn't anything
that you want?
Yeah.
I only have things
that I want to give to you.
Exactly.
I'm only ever
receiving things from you.
Well, then... a birthday present.
Every day, until I become
100 years old.
Coming here makes me
want to see Deok Goo.
Deok Goo?
It almost feels like I'm hearing you say
your ex-boyfriend's name.
I kind of want to see that punk, too.
In his own time,
that punk is...
He's walking forward cautiously,
step by step
and following in my footsteps.
Mr. Kang.
You're definitely with
Ji Soo right now, right?
Ji Soo is happy, right?
I'll believe that.
And so, I've decided to bet
everything I have on that future.
Because I can't have your and Ji Soo's
present change because of me.
Give that here.
I'm going to this university.
Hankook University.
Math Education major.
You're only a second year
in high school.
And yet, you're thinking about re-taking
your college entrance exams already?
I'm going to get in when I'm
in my third year, okay?
How, exactly?
Are you planning to be reborn?
Gosh, I can't believe you.
But, why do you have
such a detailed life plan?
You want to go to
college in 2009
and go to the army
in 2010.
And you want to get your
teacher certification in 2015?
I have to live like this,
no matter what.
So that nothing changes.
Huh?
Oh yeah.
Do you know which division of the
military my old homeroom teacher joined?
The Marines.
He said that he went somewhere difficult
because of his first love, or whatever.
Ugh.
[Marines]
Ugh, seriously!
I just can't bring myself to like him.
Just study.
I pray every day...
for nothing more,
and nothing less.
Just that...
we'll always be like this.
- Cheers!
By the side of my friends,
who've suddenly discovered their dreams.
Seriously, congrats,
Min Seok!
Yeah, congrats. I heard your
webtoon is being made into a movie.
Thank you.
I told you that I have a great eye.
Who was the one who threatened
him with divorce, again?
Ow!
All that there's left now is for you to
make tons of money
and have So Ra open her own salon.
Yeah. I'll get her a salon, and we'll
have to have another child, too.
Are you going to keep on
spouting nonsense?
Well, I'm going to be the one
raising them, anyway!
You can talk when you can be the one
to give birth to the kid too, then.
- No!
- Why, you...
But still, it must be nice that you guys
had kids early and raised them already.
Yes, well...
But um, Ms. Baek.
Thank you so much for
congratulating us, but...
why... are you here?
Hey!
Well, the thing is...
Oh!
I heard that you're
dating someone nowadays.
Huh?
Yeah.
Doesn't your boyfriend have any friends
that aren't married yet, then?
Well... I think one of his best friends
hasn't gotten married yet.
That's great! Can you introduce him
to Shin Woo's sister, then?
Hey!
Why are you trying to
defile my family tree?
What do you mean?
- Oh, you're here?
- Oh!
Why are you here alone?
I thought you were
bringing your girlfriend.
My girlfriend is right here, though.
- Huh?
- Who?
- Who else?
The prettiest woman here.
Oh, jeez.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Here.
Shin Woo, Shin Woo, Shin Woo!
The first place where you confessed!
- One, two, three!
- The hospital!
- Firefly Bridge!
- Come on!
- What was that?
You know, back when you
were Deok Goo.
- One more time!
- Okay.
A different question, then.
The first time that you two
had physical contact!
One, two, three!
- The schoolyard!
- Firefly Bridge!
What's with you two?
Are you sure you two are dating?
Oh, of course!
I wonder what you did,
and with whom, at Firefly Bridge.
It's weird.
- It's really weird!
- Back then...
with Deok Goo.
Jeez.
Here, have this, Ms. Baek.
Come on, why are you
acting like this?
Stop it!
That's enough.
Let go of me.
Oh!
Stop it, it's hot!
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
Are you still mad?
Tell me the truth.
About what?
I feel like you liked him more.
You did, didn't you?
Well...
I do think that he was
more my type, yeah.
What?
I'm just kidding!
Why is that even important?
That was all you too, anyway.
- Hurry up and tell him! Do it!
- Hurry!
Teach.
I like you.
Huh?
Teach, she wants you to wait
just one more year for her.
She's serious about it, Teach!
Wow.
How is it that this is the same,
even after ten years?
She's just like you.
This won't do.
Let's go.
Go where?
Hurry up and transfer over to
a boys' high school!
I don't think this place
is a good fit for you.
There are days when we fight
over insignificant things like this.
But each and every moment
that we share together
sparkle and shine
in a blindingly bright way.
What are you thinking about?
I'm wondering about
what you're thinking about.
If, by any chance
the past changes because of
something that Deok Goo does
and our memories change, too...
and so, if we wake up one day
and something has happened to us,
what do we do then?
Like, what if the things you did while
you traveled through time disappear
or our memories disappear?
Or, we're not together
like we are now?
It doesn't matter.
No matter what happens...
I'd meet you as many times as I'd need to
and like you as many times
as I'd need to...
and hold onto you...
as many times as I'd need to.
[2009]
What is it?
My friend attends this school.
Really? Then go see them
before we go.
Not yet.
I can't meet with her yet.
Is anything okay with you?
Well, the weather
is nice and all...
so let's have some alcohol.
[2013]
Yeah, Kim Min Seok.
Where are you?
Ugh, again?
I told you, I'm not going
on any blind dates!
Ugh.
[September 30th, 2017]
And so, one day, after I'd
waited another 10 years...
I missed you...
a lot.
Even when our story
is starting over...
my only answer...
is only you.
Subtitles by DramaFever